This is the top level of the PPRNG source directory.

PPRNG is copyright (C) 2011 chiizu (chiizu.pprng@gmail.com), and is licensed
under the the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.  Please see the file COPYING in this directory for a copy of the
GNU General Public License.

Additional copyright information also exists for some sources in this tree.
Please see the specific sources for more information.



Pokémon and associated names are covered by the following copyrights.
Copyright (c) 2002-2011 Pokémon.
Copyright (c) 1995-2011 Nintendo/Creatures Inc./GAME FREAK inc.

Pokémon and associated names are Trademarks of Nintendo.

No copyright or trademark infringement is intended in using Pokémon content in
this software.



The project consists of the following directories.

libpprng:
libpprng is a platform-independent C++ library containing classes and functions
for searching for and manipulating seed values of the pseudo-random number
generators used in the Pokémon series of video games, currently covering
Generation 5 and significant parts of Generation 4.  It should compile with any
standards compliant C++ compiler, however it depends on several libraries from
the boost C++ libraries collection for various functionalities.  In particular,
it must be linked against the boost thread library, which is used for platform-
independent multi-threading of searches.

macosx:
This directory contains the project file, Objective-C/Objective-C++ classes, and
GUI definition files (NIB files) which compile into the Mac OS X application
called PPRNG.  PPRNG strives to be a simple wrapper front-end for libpprng,
attempting to adhere to an MVC style of programming where possible in order to
make porting to other platforms a relatively easy process.  One file is not
included in the repository, which is the file that contains the web address for
checking the latest PPRNG version.  If you wish to compile PPRNG, you will need to 


For more information on PPRNG, visit:
http://www.smogon.com/forums/showthread.php?t=102901
